docs/todo.md, before:

each individual block allows 3 guesses
    before game over
    shows  signs of breaking with each wrong guess

variable difficulty -- how many pre-filled

Equippable abilities per number

Ability ideas:
(suffix) - (triggers) When all entries for # are found
(suffix) - (triggers) When guess is wrong
(suffix) - (triggers) When guess is correct
(Prefix) - Adds 1 hint
(Prefix) - Automatically fills in the most obvious cell
(Prefix) - Automatically fills in the least obvious cell
(Prefix) - Automatically make notes
mark cells with even #s in square
draws a random shape from cells and shows the total for that shape (may as well do tetriminos)
$$$$

magic, spells, sci-fi -- cool orthoganal avenues
colors & elemental statuses
spy shit in the numbers, grids, sections? (missions to try to identify a particular one)

vines / fire that spreads from wrong guesses
    and obviously you lose if it saturates the board
    spread each 'turn' / guess, NOT real time

Challenge ideas:
Finish within x time
Reduce # of guesses
Have to fill in #s in order (all 1s, then 2s, etc.)
Must guess in order (first 1, then 2, etc.) 
Cannot guess same wrong #s until they're right 
    If they run out of #s, game over
Must fill in X last
Limited notes?
Render guessed #s invisible

freezing mechanic:
    (AI / antagonist) chosen square gets 'frozen'
    cells must be unfrozen individually
    by successfully guessing cells in same col / row

Commit message:

emit event when square is solved

docs/todo.md, after:

clear cell notes on correct guess

arrow keys on keyboard

purchasable ability to visualize more when selecting
    rank 0: show selected tile
    rank 1: show all in row + column (this is the current implementation)
    rank 2: also highlight known cells with same number
    rank 3: show all 'blocked' by # (propogate rank 1 to other cells)

implement purchasable things but start the player with 999 money

each individual block allows 3 guesses
    before game over
    shows  signs of breaking with each wrong guess

variable difficulty -- how many pre-filled

Equippable abilities per number

Ability ideas:
(suffix) - (triggers) When all entries for # are found
(suffix) - (triggers) When guess is wrong
(suffix) - (triggers) When guess is correct
(Prefix) - Adds 1 hint
(Prefix) - Automatically fills in the most obvious cell
(Prefix) - Automatically fills in the least obvious cell
(Prefix) - Automatically make notes
mark cells with even #s in square
draws a random shape from cells and shows the total for that shape (may as well do tetriminos)
$$$$

magic, spells, sci-fi -- cool orthoganal avenues
colors & elemental statuses
spy shit in the numbers, grids, sections? (missions to try to identify a particular one)

vines / fire that spreads from wrong guesses
    and obviously you lose if it saturates the board
    spread each 'turn' / guess, NOT real time

Challenge ideas:
Finish within x time
Reduce # of guesses
Have to fill in #s in order (all 1s, then 2s, etc.)
Must guess in order (first 1, then 2, etc.) 
Cannot guess same wrong #s until they're right 
    If they run out of #s, game over
Must fill in X last
Limited notes?
Render guessed #s invisible
